./* This is the manpage of the find_script script
.TH Find_script 8 "2018-11-20" "V1.0" "find_script man page"

.SH NAME
find_script


.SH DESCRIPTION
This find script collects information from the user via read and performs a find. It collects the starting point directory,
the item to search for, the value that is applied to the item that it is searching for, the maximum depth of the search
whether or not you want to follow symbolic links.

It will also then apply an action to the found results of the find command. The action can also be a scriptlet entered
by the user.


.SH USAGE GUIDE
.IP -STARTING POINT
The user is first prompted for a starting directory. Entering a blank answer will give the current directory.
The system will check if the directory is valid before proceeding. If the user wants to quit they can press q or Q.

.IP -SEARCH ITEM
Secondly, the user will be asked to enter the thing they want to search for. These options are limited to
path, type, group, fstype. The system will check if these are options are entered other it will prompt
user to reenter. The user may also quit from this stage by pressing q or Q.

.IP -VALUE OF SEARCH
The user may then enter the value of the item they want to search. This value will have its special characters escaped
so that the expansion by shell is protected. The user may also quit from this stage by pressing q or Q.

.IP -MAXIMUM DEPTH
The system will request the user to enter the maximum search depth as an integer. Integer checks of the input is 
validated before procedure. Blank entering considers no maxdepth to be applied. The user may also quit from
this stage by pressing q or Q.

.IP -SYMBOLIC LINKS
The system will ask the user to enable or disable follow through of symbolic links. They are requested to input
y/n (case insensitive) to flag their desire. Blank answers consider it to be yes. The user may also quit form this
stage by pressing q or Q.

.IP -ACTIONS
The user is finally requested to enter an action they which to commit either delete, print, print0 or custom.
For custom, the user is prompted to enter a scriptlet they wish to perform on the search results.
The user may quit using q or Q.

.SH 
AUTHOR
Brian Nguyen s3689020
